[Detection Engine][Exceptions] - Update docs for single and shared exceptions (#4021)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-create-single-rule-exception-item.asciidoc

[[exceptions-api-create-rule-default-exception-item]]
=== Create exceptions for a rule 

Adds specified exception items to a rule's default exception list.

> A default exception list contains exceptions that are associated with a single rule, as opposed to a shared exception list, which contains exceptions that are associated with multiple rules.

Reviewer: This is such a crisp explanation 😍

> If a default exception list doesn't exist, one is automatically created associated with the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a default exception list doesn't exist for a rule, one is automatically created when you try to add an exception to it.
```

[[exceptions-api-create-rule-default-exception-item]]
=== Create exceptions for a rule 

Allows you to create exception items that are associated with a specified rule `id`.

==== Request URL

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/detection_engine/rules/<id>/exceptions`

//include a tip on how to find a rule's ID

==== Request body

A JSON object with an array of exception items, where each exception item has the <<exceptions-api-create-exception-item,required fields>>. 

[width="100%",options="header"]

> |==============================================

Author: ```suggestion
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required
```

[[exceptions-api-create-rule-default-exception-item]]
=== Create exceptions for a rule 

> Allows you to create exception items that are associated with a specified rule `id`.

Reviewer 2: My wording isn't a great, but maybe something like:

Adds specified exception items to a rules default exception list - if no default exception list exists, one is created and associated with the rule. Default exception lists are meant to house exceptions associated with a single rule, as opposed to shared exception lists which can be associated to multiple rules.

Author: Thank you! Added in [585ed2c](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/4021/commits/585ed2cb75a83d00203852718b0a7d5fb610f4f6).

==== Request URL

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/detection_engine/rules/<id>/exceptions`

> //include a tip on how to find a rule's ID

Author: @yctercero how can users quickly find the ID of the rule they want to add an exception to?

Reviewer 2: Great question. I'm not sure that we do provide a quick easy way. If they know the rules `rule_id`, they can fetch the rule and find it that way.

Author: Removed this comment and doc'd the request URL params in [585ed2c](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/4021/commits/585ed2cb75a83d00203852718b0a7d5fb610f4f6).

==== Request body

A JSON object with an array of exception items, where each exception item has the <<exceptions-api-create-exception-item,required fields>>. 

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required

|`items` |String | Specify an array of exception list items to create. |Yes 

|==============================================

===== Example requests

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------

> POST api/detection_engine/rules/<id>/exceptions

Author: @yctercero would you mind providing an example request here - thank you!

Reviewer 2: ```
POST api/detection_engine/rules/<id>/exceptions
{
    items: [
        {
          "description": "Excludes the weekly maintenance job",
          "entries": [
            {
              "field": "process.name",
              "operator": "included",
              "type": "match",
              "value": "maintenance-job"
            }
          ],
          "name": "Linux maintenance job",
          "tags": [
            "in-house processes",
            "linux"
          ],
          "type": "simple"
        }
    ]
}
```

Author: Added in [585ed2c](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/4021/commits/585ed2cb75a83d00203852718b0a7d5fb610f4f6).
